Docs 9040 mfa (#94)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/multi-factor-authentication.adoc

= About Multi-Factor Authentication
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Multi-factor authentication provides an additional layer of verification for individual Anypoint Platform users.
You can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication and exempt specific accounts. Non-SSO users can also manually enable multi-factor authentication in their profile settings.

SSO users configure multi-factor authentication through their identity provider.

After multi-factor authentication is enabled, users must verify their Anypoint Platform credentials using at least one of four verification methods:

* Third-party TOTP authenticator apps
* Built-in authenticator
* Security key
* Salesforce Authenticator

== Multi-Factor Authentication Verification Methods

You can configure at least one of the following verification methods to comply with multi-factor authentication requirements:

> Third-party TOTP authenticator apps:: Registers an authenticator app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Author: ```suggestion
Third-party TOTP authenticator app:: Registers an authenticator app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.
```

Built-in authenticator:: Registers a physical authentication device, such as Touch ID or Windows Hello, to verify your identity when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Security key:: Registers a USB security key, such as Yubico YubiKey or Google Titan Security Key, to your account. The device is then authorized to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Salesforce Authenticator:: Registers the Salesforce Authenticator mobile app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

== Enable or Exempt Multi-Factor Authentication for Your Organization Users

For enhanced security, you can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication. Users without a verification method already configured are prompted to do so when they subsequently log in to Anypoint Platform. Users with a method already configured are not prompted to configure another verification method.

[NOTE]
--

> To prevent service disruptions, identify any accounts that are used to programmatically call Anypoint Platform (known as _service accounts_). You must either configure these service account calls by using the xref:connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps] feature or add these accounts to the *Exempt Accounts* section when configuring multi-factor authentication requirements. 

Author: ```suggestion
To prevent service disruptions, identify any accounts (_service accounts_) that are used to programmatically call Anypoint Platform. You must either configure these service account calls by using the xref:connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps] feature or add these accounts to the *Exempt Accounts* section when configuring multi-factor authentication requirements. 
```

--

> To enable multi-factor authentication for all user accounts:

Author: ```suggestion
=== Enable Multi-Factor Authentication for All User Accounts
```

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Organization Administrator permission.
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu, click *Multi-factor Auth*.
. In the *Exempt Accounts* section, add the accounts that you want to exempt. +
Only users who do not use single sign-on (SSO) appear in this list.
. Click *Save*. +
The exempt user accounts appear in the *Exempt Accounts* section.

You can later remove user accounts from the *Exempt Accounts* list by clicking *X* next to their account names.

== Enable Multi-Factor Authentication on Your User Account

If you want to ensure you are the only person who can access your account, you can enable multi-factor authentication on your user account even if your organization does not require it. You can configure more than one verification method for your account:

. Log in to Anypoint Platform.
. Navigate to your user profile.
. Click *Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA)*. +
The *Manage Your Verification Methods* interface appears.
. Next to the verification method you want to configure, click *Add*.
. Follow the instructions for your preferred verification method.

> == Modify or Remove Multi-Factor Authentication on Your Account?

Author: ```suggestion
== Modify or Remove Multi-Factor Authentication on Your Account
```

If you have previously configured multi-factor authentication, you can modify which verification methods you use for your account. If your organization requires multi-factor authentication, you must have at least one verification method configured.

If your organization has disabled its multi-factor authentication requirement, you can also remove all verification methods. However, for enhanced security, it is best to use at least one verification method.

To modify verification methods on an individual user account:

. Log in to Anypoint Platform.
. Navigate to your user profile.
. Click *Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA)*. +
The *Manage Your Verification Methods* interface appears.
. If you want to add an additional verification method:
.. Next to the verification method you want to configure, click *Add*.
.. Follow the instructions to configure your preferred verification method.
.. Click *Done*. +

> You can now use the configured verification method to verify your identity when you log in to Anypoint Platform.

Author: ```suggestion
```

.. Click the pencil icon next to the verification method that you want to rename.
.. Enter a new name for your verification method.
.. Click the checkmark.
.. Click *Done*. +
. If you want to remove a verification method:
.. Next to the verification method you want to remove, click the bin icon.
.. Click *Yes*

> .. Click *Done*. 

Author: ```suggestion
.. Click *Done*.  +
```

.. Click *Yes*

> .. Click *Done*. +

Author: ```suggestion
.. Click *Done*. 
```

> The verification method is removed. If your organization requires multi-factor authentication and you have removed all verification methods, you must configure at least one verification method before you save your changes.

Author: ```suggestion

[NOTE]
If your organization requires multi-factor authentication and you have removed all verification methods, you must configure at least one verification method before you save your changes.
```

> = About Multi-factor Authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= About Multi-Factor Authentication
```

Reviewer: UGH
I think I have just done a whole lot of editing (below) based on still misunderstanding all of the options for enabling MFA and all of the options for specifying verification. 
Also, unclear about who YOU is: admin or individual user.
Too many options for my brain.

PLEASE just whiz through the irrelevancies and pick out any actual FIXES.
I eventually gave up and just copy edited at the end...which is what I should have done all along on a second draft....

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Multi-factor authentication provides an additional layer of verification for individual Anypoint Platform users.
You can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication and exempt specific accounts. Non-SSO users can also manually enable multi-factor authentication in their profile settings.

> SSO users configure multi-factor authentication through their identity provider.

Reviewer: I think the point you are trying to emphasize is that MFA protects individual users and that it is enabled in one of the three following ways, depending on the type of individual user:

- User in an organization
   Either automatically enabled by org admin (exempting users or accounts that programmatically call Anypoint Platform) or enabled by individual user in an org when not required by org.

- Individual SSO user
   Enabled by request to IdP

- Individual non-SSO user
   Manually enabled by user in profile settings

Reviewer: ...or maybe use two scenarios: individuals in an org vs. individuals not in an org (SSO and non-SSO)?

> After multi-factor authentication is enabled, users must verify their Anypoint Platform credentials using at least one of four verification methods.

Reviewer: colon
```suggestion
After multi-factor authentication is enabled, users must verify their Anypoint Platform credentials using at least one of four verification methods:
```

Reviewer: Do users choose their methods based on their own knowledge or are they presented with these choices by their admin or IdP or otherwise? Maybe it doesn't matter?

Author: They choose based on (usually) what will annoy them the least to use. Some of the options require additional materials (like the security key or TouchID).

* Third-party TOTP authenticator apps
* Built-in authenticator
* Security key
* Salesforce Authenticator

> == Multi-factor Authentication Verification Methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Multi-Factor Authentication Verification Methods
```

Reviewer: I wonder if it would be clearer to separate the concept of MFA from the description of the methods by which users comply by shortening this title to:
```suggestion
== Verification Methods
```
OR
```suggestion
== Verification Methods Configuration
```
OR
```suggestion
== Choosing Verification Methods
```
OR....

> You can configure at least one of the following verification methods to comply with multi-factor authentication requirements:

Reviewer: See conversation about the UI below: if the listed methods are worded verbatim from the UI, then this intro sentence should make that clear by saying so, something like
```suggestion
Use <the UI to> choose and configure at least one of the following multi-factor authentication verification methods:
```
(BTW, I did see the abbreviation "MFA" used when I looked this term up.)

Third-party TOTP authenticator apps:: Registers an authenticator app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Built-in authenticator:: Registers a physical authentication device, such as Touch ID or Windows Hello, to verify your identity when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

> Security key:: Registers a USB security key, such as Yubico YubiKey or Google Titan Security Key, to your account. The device is then authorized to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: Question: so this third item looks like it relies on the second item: first register the device and then authorize it to create codes? 
If the third list item relies on the second, then they are not really peer options, are they?

Author: The items in this list are all completely separate.

Salesforce Authenticator:: Registers the Salesforce Authenticator mobile app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

> == Enable Multi-factor Authentication for All User Accounts

Reviewer: This is where identifying the types of individual users at the very beginning comes in handy

```suggestion
== Enable or Exempt Multi-Factor Authentication for Your Organization Users
```

> For enhanced security, you can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication. Users must configure their verification method when they log in to Anypoint Platform after you initially enable multi-factor authentication. If a user already has multi-factor authentication configured for their account, they are not prompted to configure another verification method.

Reviewer: I think this might be a little more direct:
```suggestion
For enhanced security, you can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication. Users without a verification method already configured are prompted to do so when they subsequently log in to Anypoint Platform. Users with a method already configured are not prompted to configure another verification method.
```

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: So instead of a note, isn't this really part of the same topic of working with org users?
An admin requires all org users to use MFA, exempting those that cannot because the make programmatic calls.
The tasks here would be ...:
1. Identifying service accounts (can put Note info here)
2. Enabling MFA for the org
3. Exempting the service accounts

Or is exempting really just part of enabling: why do we have two separate tasks?
Would an admin have to MODIFY an enabled org by later/separately exempting users and removing users from exemption?

--

> To prevent service disruptions, identify any accounts that are used to programmatically call Anypoint Platform, or _service accounts_. You must either configure these calls using the xref:connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps] feature or add these accounts to the *Exempt Accounts* section when configuring multi-factor authentication requirements. 

Reviewer: Okay, so just to clarify that "service accounts" is the name by which the accounts we start out describing are known....
```suggestion
To prevent service disruptions, identify any accounts that are used to programmatically call Anypoint Platform (known as _service accounts_). You must either configure these service account calls by using the xref:connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps] feature or add these accounts to the *Exempt Accounts* section when configuring multi-factor authentication requirements. 
```
OR
```suggestion
To prevent service disruptions, identify any _service accounts_ used to programmatically call Anypoint Platform. You must either configure these service account calls by using the xref:connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps] feature or add these accounts to the *Exempt Accounts* section when configuring multi-factor authentication requirements. 
```
But consider that this is not a Note but really either the first step or a prereq to enabling org users.

--

To enable multi-factor authentication for all user accounts:

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Organization Administrator permission.
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu, click *Multi-factor auth*.
. Select *Required*.

> . If you want to exempt specific users or service accounts from multi-factor authentication, add them to the *Exempt Accounts* section.

Reviewer: If we exempt here, why do we need separate topic?

Author: Exempting during setup vs returning to the feature to exempt more accounts.

. Click *Save*. +
All nonexempt users in your organization are now required to configure a verification method when they log in to Anypoint Platform.

> === Exempt Users from Multi-factor Authentication

Reviewer: Why separate subtopic?

Author: This feature requires MFA with *every* login. People will probably ask to be exempt.

Service users or accounts that make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform should be exempt from multi-factor authentication because they cannot provide verification aside from a username and password.

> It is best to use the xref:connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps] feature to authorize apps to make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform instead of using individual user accounts. Using the Connected Apps feature provides more security and control than using user accounts.

Reviewer: This sounds like it does not belong in the task of exempting; this is how to authorize service accounts, right?

Author: We are discouraging them from continuing to use service accounts as user accounts and instead configure that functionality using Connected Apps.

To exempt individual accounts from multi-factor authentication:

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Organization Administrator permission.
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu, click *Multi-factor Auth*.
. In the *Exempt Accounts* section, add the accounts that you want to exempt. +

> Only users who do not use single sign-on (SSO) appear in this list.

Reviewer: You can only exempt SSO users? Are they the same as "service account" users?

Author: SSO users cannot use MFA. They are not the same.

. Click *Save*. +
The exempt user accounts appear in the *Exempt Accounts* section.

> You can later remove user accounts from the *Exempt Accounts* list by clicking *X* next to their account names.

Reviewer: So is this essentially reenabling the requirement for MFA?
Or just removing the account altogether?

Author: Depends on whether the org still requires MFA.

> == Enable Multi-factor Authentication on Your User Account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Enable Multi-Factor Authentication on Your User Account
```

Reviewer: Are these org users, SSO users, or non-SSO users? 
That's another set of options that I lose track of, along with MFA options, verification options, "you" options....

> You can enable multi-factor authentication on your user account even if your organization does not require it. You can configure more than one verification method for your account:

Reviewer: Under what circumstances would this be likely?

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to ensure you are the only person who can access your account, you can enable multi-factor authentication on your user account even if your organization does not require it. You can configure more than one verification method for your account:
```

. Log in to Anypoint Platform.
. Navigate to your user profile.
. Click *Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA)*. +
The *Manage Your Verification Methods* interface appears.
. Next to the verification method you want to configure, click *Add*.
. Follow the instructions for your preferred verification method.

> == Modify or Remove Multi-factor Authentication on Individual User Accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Modify or Remove Multi-Factor Authentication on Individual User Accounts
```

Reviewer: Are these individual users in an org or outside of an org?
Is the admin doing this or the user?
```suggestion
== Modify or Remove Multi-Factor Authentication on Your Account?
```

If you have previously configured multi-factor authentication, you can modify which verification methods you use for your account. If your organization requires multi-factor authentication, you must have at least one verification method configured.

If your organization has disabled its multi-factor authentication requirement, you can also remove all verification methods. However, for enhanced security, it is best to use at least one verification method.

> To modify verification methods on an individual user account:

Reviewer: "your account"?

Author: ```suggestion
To modify verification methods in your account:
```

. Log in to Anypoint Platform.
. Navigate to your user profile.
. Click *Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA)*. +
The *Manage Your Verification Methods* interface appears.

> . Add an additional verification method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you want to add an additional verification method:
```

.. Next to the verification method you want to configure, click *Add*.
.. Follow the instructions to configure your preferred verification method.
.. Click *Done*. +

> You can now use the configured verification method to verify your identity when you log in to Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: This added statement kind of bothers me because it sounds like part of the task is done, and we really don't want to imply done until the very end, right? The container step states the objective, so why confirm success here?

> . Modify the name of an existing verification method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you want to modify the name of an existing verification method:
```

.. Click the pencil icon next to the verification method that you want to rename.
.. Enter a new name for your verification method.
.. Click the checkmark.
.. Click *Done*. +

> The name of the verification method is changed.

Reviewer: ditto

Author: ```suggestion
```

> . Remove a verification method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you want to remove a verification method:
```

.. Next to the verification method you want to remove, click the bin icon.
.. Click *Yes*
.. Click *Done*. +

> The verification method is removed. If your organization requires multi-factor authentication and you have removed all verification methods, you must configure at least one verification method before you save your changes.

Reviewer: This should not be inside the steps; it should be part of the container step, saying something about NOT removing all verification methods....

Author: But if you don't comply, this is where it throws an error.

. Click *Save*.

> == Disable Multi-factor Authentication Requirement for All User Accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Disable Multi-Factor Authentication Requirement for All Organization Users?
```

Author: ```suggestion
== Disable Multi-Factor Authentication Requirement for All Organization Users
```

> When you disable the multi-factor authentication requirement, existing users no longer use it to log in to Anypoint Platform and new users log in without being prompted to configure it. Note that disabling multi-factor authentication requirements does not automatically remove multi-factor authentication from user accounts. Individual users must manually remove multi-factor authentication in their profile settings.

Reviewer: individual users who have independently enabled MFA must manually remove....?

Author: ```suggestion
When you disable the multi-factor authentication requirement, existing users no longer use it to log in to Anypoint Platform and new users log in without being prompted to configure it. Note that disabling multi-factor authentication requirements does not automatically remove multi-factor authentication from user accounts. Individual users who have independently enabled multi-factor authentication must manually remove it in their profile settings.
```

To disable multi-factor authentication for all users:

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Organization Administrator permission.
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu, click *Multi-factor auth*.
. Unselect *Required*.
. Click *Save*. +

> Multi-factor authentication configuration is no longer required for new users.

Reviewer: Do we really need to confirm that the goal of the task is reached after the final step?

Author: This is a big deal for an org.

== Reset Multi-Factor Authentication for Individual Users

You can reset multi-factor authentication for individual users if a device is compromised or lost. If you are the only organization member with Organization Administrator permission and have lost access to your verification methods, contact customer support.

To reset multi-factor authentication for an individual user:

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Organization Administrator permission.
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu, click *Users*.
. Click the user whose multi-factor authentication configuration you want to reset. +

> The user page appears.

Reviewer: I'd omit
```suggestion
```

. Click *Reset multi-factor authentication*.
. Click *Confirm reset MFA*. +

> The user's verification methods are reset. +

Reviewer: I'd omit

Author: ```suggestion
```

== Multi-factor Authentication Configurations

You can configure at least one of the following verification methods to comply with multi-factor authentication requirements:

One-time password generator:: Registers an authenticator app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Built-in authenticator:: Registers a physical authentication device, such as Touch ID, to verify your identity when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Security key:: Registers a USB security key to your account. The device is then authorized to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Salesforce Authenticator:: Registers the Salesforce Authenticator mobile app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

== Enable Multi-factor Authentication for All User Accounts

For enhanced security, you can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication. Users must configure their authentication method when they log in to Anypoint Platform after you initially enable multi-factor authentication.

[NOTE]
--

> To prevent service disruptions, identify any accounts that are used to programmatically call Anypoint Platform, or _service accounts_. You must add these accounts to the *Exempt Accounts* section when configuring multi-factor authentication requirements.

Author: ```suggestion
To prevent service disruptions, identify any accounts that are used to programmatically call Anypoint Platform, or _service accounts_. You must either configure these calls using the xref:connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps] feature or add these accounts to the *Exempt Accounts* section when configuring multi-factor authentication requirements. 
```

--

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Organization Administrator permission.
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu, click *Multi-factor auth*.
. Select *Required*.
. If you want to exclude users, such as service accounts, from multi-factor authentication, add users to the *Exempt Accounts* section.
. Click *Save*. +
All users in your organization are now required to configure a multi-factor authentication method when they log into Anypoint Platform. +
If a user already has multi-factor authentication configured for their account, they are not prompted to configure another method.

=== Exempt Users from Multi-factor Authentication

> Accounts that make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform, or _service users_, should be exempt from multi-factor authentication since they cannot provide verification aside from a username and password.

Author: ```suggestion
Accounts that make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform, or _service users_, should be exempt from multi-factor authentication since they cannot provide verification aside from a username and password. 

To lower the risk of compromised user accounts, use the xref:connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps] feature to authorize apps to make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform instead of using individual user accounts. 
```

Author: Feels repetitious. Recommendations, @jbyrum or @wpoch ?

Reviewer 2: I don't see the repetition there, but what I do see, is that we recommend _Connected Apps_ as mechanism to avoid a security risk (compromise the account). From my POV, that's not the intent of Connected Apps, while is something that you will achieve by using Connected Apps, I think we should be very specific that Connect Apps is the recommended way to integrate with Anypoint Platform, and user accounts shouldn't be used for that.

Author: ```suggestion
Accounts that make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform, or _service users_, should be exempt from multi-factor authentication because they cannot provide verification aside from a username and password.

For more efficient integration, use the xref:connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps] feature to authorize apps to make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform instead of using individual user accounts. 
```

Reviewer 3: What about this:

"Accounts that make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform, or _service users_, should be exempt from multi-factor authentication since they cannot provide verification aside from a username and password. 

As a best practice, MuleSoft recommends using the xref:connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps] feature to authorize apps to make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform instead of using individual user accounts.  Connected Apps provide more security and control than user accounts."

Author: ```suggestion
Accounts that make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform, or service users, should be exempt from multi-factor authentication since they cannot provide verification aside from a username and password.

As a best practice, MuleSoft recommends using the xref:connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps] feature to authorize apps to make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform instead of using individual user accounts. Using the Connected Apps feature provides more security and control than using user accounts.
```

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Organization Administrator permission.
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu, click *Multi-factor Auth*.

> . In the *Exempt Accounts* section, add accounts that you want to exempt. +

Author: ```suggestion
. In the *Exempt Accounts* section, add the accounts that you want to exempt. +
```

> Only users that do not use single sign-on (SSO) appear in this list.

Author: ```suggestion
Only users who do not use single sign-on (SSO) appear in this list.
```

. Log in to Anypoint Platform.
. Navigate to your user profile.
. Click *Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA)*. +
The *Manage Your Verification Methods* interface appears.
. Next to the authentication method you want to configure, click *Add*.
. Follow the instructions for your preferred verification method.

== Modify or Remove Multi-factor Authentication on Individual User Accounts

If you have previously configured multi-factor authentication, you can modify which authentication methods you use for your account. If your organization requires multi-factor authentication, you must have at least one method configured.

If your organization has disabled its multi-factor authentication requirement, you can also remove all authentication methods.

[NOTE]
--
For enhanced security, you should use at least one verification method even if your organization does not require multi-factor authentication.
--

. Log in to Anypoint Platform.
. Navigate to your user profile.
. Click *Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA)*. +
The *Manage Your Verification Methods* interface appears.

> === Add an Additional Authentication Method:

Author: ```suggestion
=== Add an Additional Authentication Method
```

. Next to the authentication method you want to configure, click *Add*.
. Follow the instructions to configure your preferred verification method.
. Click *Done*.

=== Modify the Name of an Existing Authentication Method

> . Click the pencil icon next to the authentication method you want to rename.

Author: ```suggestion
. Click the pencil icon next to the authentication method that you want to rename.
```

. Enter a new name for your authentication method.
. Click the checkmark.
. Click *Done*.

> === Remove an Authentication Method:

Author: ```suggestion
=== Remove an Authentication Method
```

. Next to the authentication method you want to remove, click the bin icon.
. Click *Yes*
. Click *Done*. +

> If your organization requires multi-factor authentication and you have removed all authentication methods, you must configure at least one authentication method to save your changes.

Author: ```suggestion
If your organization requires multi-factor authentication and you have removed all authentication methods, you must configure at least one authentication method before you save your changes.
```

> = Multi-factor Authentication

Reviewer: Per style ref "multi" and "prefix hyphenation," GLOBALLY change multi-factor to multifactor.
I won't mark each instance.
I know...Grammarly flags it....

```suggestion
= Multifactor Authentication
```

Reviewer: I wonder if we should make this title more robust?
What *ABOUT* MFA? 
"Requiring Users to Perform Multifactor Authentication"?
"Requiring MFA at Login"?
"Securing Your Assets by Requiring MFA"?
I'm sure you can think of something better.

Author: I'm not really sure it neeeeeds to be robust... It's just tech docs! But I can at least slap an "About" on there to match other titles in this doc set.

Author: ```suggestion
= About Multi-factor Authentication
```

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Multi-factor authentication provides an additional layer of verification for individual Anypoint Platform users.

> You can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication and exempt specific accounts, or users can manually enable multi-factor authentication in their profile settings.

Reviewer: I want to reword this to make clear that either ...
* YOU can use this feature by 1. requiring all and 2. exempting some accounts if you don't want all
* Non-SSO USERS can use this feature by enabling it in their own profile

Author: ```suggestion
You can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication and exempt specific accounts. Non-SSO users can also manually enable multi-factor authentication in their profile settings.
```

> Users who use single sign-on (SSO) cannot configure multi-factor authentication for their accounts. Instead, SSO users should configure multi-factor authentication through their identity provider.

Reviewer: Is this really nec? I would try to minimize it, maybe just use the second sentence?

```suggestion
SSO users configure multi-factor authentication through their identity provider.
```
Maybe add to previous two points.

> After multi-factor authentication is enabled, users must verify their Anypoint Platform credentials using at least one of four authentication methods.

Author: ```suggestion
After multi-factor authentication is enabled, users must verify their Anypoint Platform credentials using at least one of four verification methods.
```

> When multi-factor authentication is enabled, users must verify their Anypoint Platform credentials using at least one of the following authentication methods:

Reviewer: Consider "When" > "After"
and
"...users must verify...credentials using" > "users must log in using"?

Reviewer: I wonder if we really need this list in the topic intro, because the topic is more about user tasks than the methods. 
Maybe 
```suggestion
After multi-factor authentication is enabled, users must verify their Anypoint Platform credentials using at least one of four authentication methods.
```
...and then move directly to the following topic that lists and describes those methods.

Reviewer: In fact, I would rather be sure that this intro prepares the audience for these tasks rather than the four methods:
* Enable global MFA (admin)
* Exempt some users from global MFA (admin)
* Self-enable MFA (user)
** Add a method
** Remove a method
[* Self-disable MFA (user)?]
* Disable global MFA (admin)
* Reenable MFA for some users (admin)

Reviewer: Consider an intro something like...

"Your organization can further secure its data by requiring MFA. Either a member with Org Admin permission can configure and mange this globally, either for the whole organization or exempting specific users or accounts, or individual members can do so using their personal settings, including adding or removing authentication methods."

* Third-party TOTP authenticator apps
* Built-in authenticator
* Security key
* Salesforce Authenticator

> == Multi-factor Authentication Methods

Author: ```suggestion
== MFA Verification Methods
```

> == Multi-factor Authentication Configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Multifactor Authentication Methods
```
Ties in better with previous; see following comment.

Author: ```suggestion
== Multi-factor Authentication Methods
```

> You can configure at least one of the following verification methods to comply with multi-factor authentication requirements:

Reviewer: Along with the previous text, we have now used three ways to identify this:

-authentication methods
-Authentication Configurations
-verification methods

Can we standardize to just one? I was initially a bit haze on whether we were discussing an active method or a static configuration.

> Third-party TOTP authenticator apps:: Registers an authenticator app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: number agreement and list wording parallelism: "app registers" rather than "apps registers"

```suggestion
Third-party TOTP authenticator app:: Registers an authenticator app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.
```

Author: This is the UI.

Reviewer: So you are saying that the grammar error ("apps resolves") is in the UI...that this text is displayed?

I thought this was just a definition list, not a bulleted list of verbatim UI labels...which would then be formatted:

```suggestion
* *Third-party TOTP authenticator apps*
+
Registers an authenticator app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.
```

Reviewer: ditto for rest of list, if this is a list of display labels rather than generic definitions

Author: It is, but I don't want this piece to be UI focused when it's context. Taking your original suggestion.

Built-in authenticator:: Registers a physical authentication device, such as Touch ID or Windows Hello, to verify your identity when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Security key:: Registers a USB security key, such as Yubico YubiKey or Google Titan Security Key, to your account. The device is then authorized to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Salesforce Authenticator:: Registers the Salesforce Authenticator mobile app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

== Enable Multi-factor Authentication for All User Accounts

> For enhanced security, you can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication. Users must configure their authentication method when they log in to Anypoint Platform after you initially enable multi-factor authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
For enhanced security, you can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication. Users must configure their verification method when they log in to Anypoint Platform after you initially enable multi-factor authentication.
```

[NOTE]
--

> To prevent service disruptions, identify any accounts that are used to programmatically call Anypoint Platform, or _service accounts_. You must either configure these calls using the xref:connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps] feature or add these accounts to the *Exempt Accounts* section when configuring multi-factor authentication requirements. 

Reviewer: The first sentence is unclear:
Are we saying that there are two types of accounts: accounts that call AP and service accounts? 
Or are we saying that an account that calls AP is a type of service account?

Reviewer: Are you opposed to using the proposed === Steps subheading?
Would you mind telling me why?
I don't seem to be getting much traction on the proposed task topic template....

If you do not use the subhead, end the previous sentence with a colon to point to steps.

Author: Accounts that call AP are service accounts.

I low key forgot the task template existed because I'm running on fumes 😬  definitely not personal.

--

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Organization Administrator permission.
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu, click *Multi-factor auth*.
. Select *Required*.

> . If you want to exclude users, such as service accounts, from multi-factor authentication, add users to the *Exempt Accounts* section.

Reviewer: I stumbled a bit over this and perhaps I am just being clumsy, but excluding users sounds so broad and service accounts so specific but also collective that I wondered if this should be one of the following, or some other clarification:

```suggestion
. If you want to exclude specific users, including service accounts, from multi-factor authentication, add them to the *Exempt Accounts* section.
```

```suggestion
. If you want to exclude users such as service accounts from multi-factor authentication, add them to the *Exempt Accounts* section.
```

```suggestion
. If you want to exclude specific users or service accounts from multi-factor authentication, add them to the *Exempt Accounts* section.
```

Author: ```suggestion
. If you want to exempt specific users or service accounts from multi-factor authentication, add them to the *Exempt Accounts* section.
```

. Click *Save*. +

> All nonexempt users in your organization are now required to configure a multi-factor authentication method when they log in to Anypoint Platform. +

Author: ```suggestion
All nonexempt users in your organization are now required to configure a verification method when they log in to Anypoint Platform. +
```

> All users in your organization are now required to configure a multi-factor authentication method when they log into Anypoint Platform. +

Reviewer: All nonexempt users?

Reviewer: when they log in to

Author: ```suggestion
All nonexempt users in your organization are now required to configure a multi-factor authentication method when they log in to Anypoint Platform. +
```

If a user already has multi-factor authentication configured for their account, they are not prompted to configure another method.

=== Exempt Users from Multi-factor Authentication

> Accounts that make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform, or service users, should be exempt from multi-factor authentication since they cannot provide verification aside from a username and password.

Reviewer: ditto re. clarification of this: "Accounts that make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform, or service users, should..."
It might be simpler to just reverse the order: "Service users or accounts that make....should...."

Reviewer: GLOBALLY replace "since" (and "as") with "because" when that is what you mean (localization).

Author: ```suggestion
Service users or accounts that make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform should be exempt from multi-factor authentication because they cannot provide verification aside from a username and password.
```

> As a best practice, MuleSoft recommends using the xref:connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps] feature to authorize apps to make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform instead of using individual user accounts. Using the Connected Apps feature provides more security and control than using user accounts.

Reviewer: Our style ref. suggests avoiding reference to best practices or recommendations from MuleSoft in favor of what Salesforce uses: "it is best to." Reasons are provided in the style ref.
But I get a lot of pushback about this, and so I am checking with Mysti.
Anyway...:
```suggestion
It is best to use the xref:connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps] feature to authorize apps to make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform instead of using individual user accounts. Using the Connected Apps feature provides more security and control than using user accounts.
```

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Organization Administrator permission.
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu, click *Multi-factor Auth*.

> . In the *Exempt Accounts* section, add the accounts that you want to exempt. +

Reviewer: Can we use this wording instead of the current Line 44 earlier?

Author: Sure can!!

Only users who do not use single sign-on (SSO) appear in this list.
. Click *Save*. +
The exempt user accounts appear in the *Exempt Accounts* section.

> You can remove user accounts from *Exempt Accounts* list by clicking *X* next to their account name.

Reviewer: Fix lack of agreement  between "accounts" and "their account name."

Reviewer: Also...should undoing a task be documented as a final item in a topic about doing that task?
Should we say "You can later remove a listed user account by...its name."?

Author: ```suggestion
You can later remove user accounts from the *Exempt Accounts* list by clicking *X* next to their account names.
```

== Enable Multi-factor Authentication on Your User Account

> You can enable multi-factor authentication even if your organization does not require it. You can enable multiple verification methods for your account.

Reviewer: Why the second sentence? Sounds like a repetition of the first?
DITTO GLOBAL colon before steps, if not using subhead.

Author: No. There are several verification options for MFA, and you can use more than one of them at a time.

Author: ```suggestion
You can enable multi-factor authentication on your user account even if your organization does not require it. You can configure more than one verification method for your account:
```

. Log in to Anypoint Platform.
. Navigate to your user profile.
. Click *Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA)*. +
The *Manage Your Verification Methods* interface appears.

> . Next to the authentication method you want to configure, click *Add*.

Author: ```suggestion
. Next to the verification method you want to configure, click *Add*.
```

. Follow the instructions for your preferred verification method.

== Modify or Remove Multi-factor Authentication on Individual User Accounts

> If you have previously configured multi-factor authentication, you can modify which authentication methods you use for your account. If your organization requires multi-factor authentication, you must have at least one method configured.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have previously configured multi-factor authentication, you can modify which verification methods you use for your account. If your organization requires multi-factor authentication, you must have at least one verification method configured.
```

> If your organization has disabled its multi-factor authentication requirement, you can also remove all authentication methods.

Author: ```suggestion
If your organization has disabled its multi-factor authentication requirement, you can also remove all verification methods.
```

[NOTE]
--

> If your organization has disabled its multifactor authentication requirement, you can remove all authentication methods. However, for enhanced security, it is best to use at least one verification method.

Author: ```suggestion
If your organization has disabled its multi-factor authentication requirement, you can remove all verification methods. However, for enhanced security, it is best to use at least one verification method.
```

> For enhanced security, you should use at least one verification method even if your organization does not require multi-factor authentication.

Reviewer: Should we just add this to the previous sentence?

```suggestion
[NOTE]
--
If your organization has disabled its multifactor authentication requirement, you can remove all authentication methods. However, for enhanced security, it is best to use at least one verification method.
```

--

. Log in to Anypoint Platform.
. Navigate to your user profile.
. Click *Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA)*. +
The *Manage Your Verification Methods* interface appears.

> === Add an Additional Authentication Method

Author: ```suggestion
=== Add an Additional Verification Method
```

> 

Reviewer: ...and then what do they do?

Reviewer: Oh, I see.... Hmm...I don't think that this is a good idea, either to leave the audience "hanging" at the end of this container topic or to assume that the audience has read about/performed the prelim steps documented here.

Consider omitting the container topic and promoting the subtopics to Level 2 ( == ). The first step could be...:

1. From the *Manage Your Verification Methods* interface, <do this>.

Another approach is to put the subtask steps right into the container task:

4. To add an authentication method:
     a. Next to...
     b. Follow....

5. To modify the name...
     [substeps]

6. To remove...
     [substeps]

> . Next to the authentication method you want to configure, click *Add*.

Author: ```suggestion
. Next to the verification method you want to configure, click *Add*.
```

. Follow the instructions to configure your preferred verification method.
. Click *Done*.

> === Modify the Name of an Existing Authentication Method

Author: ```suggestion
=== Modify the Name of an Existing Verification Method
```

> . Click the pencil icon next to the authentication method that you want to rename.

Author: ```suggestion
. Click the pencil icon next to the verification method that you want to rename.
```

> . Enter a new name for your authentication method.

Author: ```suggestion
. Enter a new name for your verification method.
```

. Click the checkmark.
. Click *Done*.

> === Remove an Authentication Method

Author: ```suggestion
=== Remove a Verification Method
```

> . Next to the authentication method you want to remove, click the bin icon.

Author: ```suggestion
. Next to the verification method you want to remove, click the bin icon.
```

. Click *Yes*
. Click *Done*. +

> If your organization requires multi-factor authentication and you have removed all authentication methods, you must configure at least one authentication method before you save your changes.

Reviewer: I don't understand this: should this happen before clicking *Done* or is this something separate that you do next?

Author: ```suggestion
The verification method is removed.

If your organization requires multi-factor authentication and you have removed all verification methods, you must configure at least one verification method before you save your changes.
```

== Disable Multi-factor Authentication Requirement for All User Accounts

> When you disable the multi-factor authentication requirement, existing users no longer use it to log in to Anypoint Platform and new users log in without being prompted to configure it.

Author: ```suggestion
When you disable the multi-factor authentication requirement, existing users no longer use it to log in to Anypoint Platform and new users log in without being prompted to configure it. Note that disabling multi-factor authentication requirements does not automatically remove multi-factor authentication from user accounts. Individual users must manually remove multi-factor authentication in their profile settings.
```

> When you disable the multi-factor authentication requirement, users are no longer required to use multi-factor authentication to log in to Anypoint Platform. Additionally, new users who log in are not prompted to configure multi-factor authentication.

Reviewer: First sentence seems to just repeat the title?
Consider
```suggestion
When you disable the multi-factor authentication requirement, existing users no longer use it to log in to Anypoint Platform and new users log in without being prompted to configure it.
```

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Organization Administrator permission.
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu, click *Multi-factor auth*.
. Unselect *Required*.
. Click *Save*. +
Multi-factor authentication configuration is no longer required for new users.

> [NOTE]

Author: ```suggestion
```

> . Select *Required*.

Reviewer: How does selecting *Required* for MFA disable it?
Did you mean Unselect it?

Author: ```suggestion
. Unselect *Required*.
```

> --

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Disabling multi-factor authentication requirements does not automatically remove multi-factor authentication from user accounts. Individual users must manually remove multi-factor authentication in their profile settings.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> --

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Disabling multi-factor authentication requirements does not automatically remove multi-factor authentication from user accounts. Individual users must manually remove multi-factor authentication in their profile settings.

Reviewer: I would add this to the earlier text, saying that no longer requiring MFA means users no longer use it but does not remove it from their accounts. Explain if or why they would want or need to remove it.

Author: We do not want them to remove it, and there is no good reason to. But I will move this.

== Reset Multi-Factor Authentication for Individual Users

> Organization Administrators can reset multi-factor authentication for individual users in the event of a lost or compromised device.

Reviewer: "in the event of" is kinda' overkill, IMHO. How about:
```suggestion
You can reset multi-factor authentication for individual users if a device is compromised or lost.
```
OR
```suggestion
Reset multi-factor authentication for individual users if a device is compromised or lost.
```

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Organization Administrator permission.
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu, click *Users*.
. Click the user whose multi-factor authentication configuration you want to reset. +
The user page appears.
. Click *Reset multi-factor authentication*.
. Click *Confirm reset MFA*. +
The user's verification methods are reset. +

> If your organization requires multi-factor authentication, the user is prompted to configure a new authentication method the next time they log in to Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: If you perform this task, isn't "If your organization requires multi-factor authentication" a given? Why repeat?

Author: No; you can enable it on your individual account without your org requiring it.

Author: ```suggestion
If your organization requires multi-factor authentication, the user is prompted to configure a new verification method the next time they log in to Anypoint Platform.
```

> If you are the sole Organization Administrator and have lost access to your verification methods, contact customer support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are the only organization member with Organization Administrator permission and have lost access to your verification methods, contact customer support.
```
BUT...this is pretty important, and easily overlooked at the end of the previous task, so I would move it to the task intro.

= Multi-factor Authentication
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Multi-factor authentication provides an additional layer of verification for individual Anypoint Platform users.
You can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication and exempt specific accounts, or users can manually enable multi-factor authentication in their profile settings.

Users who use single sign-on (SSO) cannot configure multi-factor authentication for their accounts. Instead, SSO users should configure multi-factor authentication through their identity provider.

When multi-factor authentication is enabled, users must verify their Anypoint Platform credentials using at least one of the following authentication methods:

> * One-time password generator

Reviewer 3: We are supposed to use the terminology "Third-party TOTP authenticator apps"

Author: ```suggestion
* Third-party TOTP authenticator apps
```

* Built-in authenticator
* Security key
* Salesforce Authenticator

> After a user has successfully verified their identity on a trusted device using multi-factor authentication, they are not required to reverify their identity for 90 days.

Reviewer 3: We need to remove this line.  We can no longer offer "remember me" functionality.

Author: ```suggestion
```

== Multi-factor Authentication Configurations

You can configure at least one of the following verification methods to comply with multi-factor authentication requirements:

> One-time password generator:: Registers an authenticator app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer 3: We are supposed to use the terminology "Third-party TOTP authenticator apps"

Author: ```suggestion
Third-party TOTP authenticator apps:: Registers an authenticator app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.
```

> Built-in authenticator:: Registers a physical authentication device, such as Touch ID, to verify your identity when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer 3: "such as Touch ID or Windows Hello"

Author: ```suggestion
Built-in authenticator:: Registers a physical authentication device, such as Touch ID or Windows Hello, to verify your identity when logging in to Anypoint Platform.
```

> Security key:: Registers a USB security key to your account. The device is then authorized to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer 3: "Registers a USB security key, such as a Yubico YubiKey or Google Titan Security Key, to your account."

Author: ```suggestion
Security key:: Registers a USB security key, such as Yubico YubiKey or Google Titan Security Key, to your account. The device is then authorized to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.
```

=== Exempt Users from Multi-factor Authentication

Accounts that make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform, or service users, should be exempt from multi-factor authentication since they cannot provide verification aside from a username and password.

As a best practice, MuleSoft recommends using the xref:connected-apps-overview.adoc[Connected Apps] feature to authorize apps to make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform instead of using individual user accounts. Using the Connected Apps feature provides more security and control than using user accounts.

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Organization Administrator permission.
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu, click *Multi-factor Auth*.
. In the *Exempt Accounts* section, add the accounts that you want to exempt. +
Only users who do not use single sign-on (SSO) appear in this list.
. Click *Save*. +
The exempt user accounts appear in the *Exempt Accounts* section.

You can remove user accounts from *Exempt Accounts* list by clicking *X* next to their account name.

> == Enable Multi-factor Authentication on Individual User Accounts

Reviewer 3: "== Enable Multi-factor Authentication on Your User Account" may be more accurate?

Author: ```suggestion
== Enable Multi-factor Authentication on Your User Account
```

= Multi-factor Authentication
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Multi-factor authentication provides an additional layer of verification for individual Anypoint Platform users.

> You can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication and exempt specific accounts, or users can manually enable multi-factor authentication in their profile settings.

Reviewer 3: I think we should specifically call out that MFA does NOT affect SSO users

Author: ```suggestion
You can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication and exempt specific accounts, or users can manually enable multi-factor authentication in their profile settings. 

Users who use single sign-on (SSO) cannot configure multi-factor authentication for their accounts. SSO users can configure multi-factor authentication through their identity provider. 
```

Author: Is that too much info? Presumably, some IDPs support MFA SSO?

Reviewer 3: Nearly all support.  I might make a slight tweak:

"Users who use single sign-on (SSO) cannot configure multi-factor authentication for their accounts. Instead, SSO users should configure multi-factor authentication through their identity provider."

Author: ```suggestion
You can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication and exempt specific accounts, or users can manually enable multi-factor authentication in their profile settings.

Users who use single sign-on (SSO) cannot configure multi-factor authentication for their accounts. Instead, SSO users should configure multi-factor authentication through their identity provider.
```

When multi-factor authentication is enabled, users must verify their Anypoint Platform credentials using one of the following authentication methods:

* One-time password generator
* Built-in authenticator
* Security key
* Salesforce Authenticator

== Multi-factor Authentication Configurations

You can configure the following verification methods to comply with multi-factor authentication requirements:

One-time password generator:: Registers an authenticator app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Built-in authenticator:: Registers a physical authentication device, such as Touch ID, to verify your identity when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

> // what happens if they lose this device, and it's their only MFA method?...

Reviewer 3: We should make a call out somewhere:  "If you lose your multi-factor verification method, you should contact an org administrator, who can reset MFA for a user"

Author: How does the org admin reset MFA? Adding them to the exemption list?

Reviewer 3: They go to the same area of user management used to "reset a password".  The link will be "Reset multi-factor authentication"

Author: Sick. I'll add it.

Author: Added.

Salesforce Authenticator:: Registers the Salesforce Authenticator mobile app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

== Enable Multi-factor Authentication for All User Accounts

For enhanced security, you can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication. Users must configure their authentication method when they log in to Anypoint Platform after you initially enable multi-factor authentication.

[NOTE]
--
To prevent service disruptions, identify any accounts that are used to programmatically call Anypoint Platform, or _service accounts_. You must add these accounts to the *Exempt Accounts* section when configuring multi-factor authentication requirements.
--

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Organization Administrator permission.
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu, click *Multi-factor auth*.
. Select *Required*.
. If you want to exclude users, such as service accounts, from multi-factor authentication, add users to the *Exempt Accounts* section.
. Click *Save*. +

> All users in your organization are now required to configure a multi-factor authentication method when they log into Anypoint Platform. +

Reviewer 3: I think we need to call out somewhere that "After a user has successfully verified on a trusted computer, they won't have to reverify for 90 days.  If the try to log in from a different computer, they will be required to verify..."

Author: Added in the beginning.

If a user already has multi-factor authentication configured for their account, they are not prompted to configure another method.

=== Exempt Users from Multi-factor Authentication

Accounts that make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform, or _service users_, should be exempt from multi-factor authentication since they cannot provide verification aside from a username and password.

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Organization Administrator permission.
. Navigate to *Access Management*.

> . In the navigation menu, click *Multi-factor auth*.

Reviewer 3: This is changing to title case "Multi-factor Auth"

Author: ```suggestion
. In the navigation menu, click *Multi-factor Auth*.
```

= Multi-factor Authentication
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Multi-factor authentication provides an additional layer of verification for individual Anypoint Platform users.
You can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication and exempt specific accounts, or users can manually enable multi-factor authentication in their profile settings.

> When multi-factor authentication is enabled, users must verify their Anypoint Platform credentials using one of the following authentication methods:

Reviewer 2: I think we enable users to choose more than one verifier for their account, right @maxwellgerber ?

```suggestion
When multi-factor authentication is enabled, users must verify their Anypoint Platform credentials using at least one of the following authentication methods:
```

Reviewer 3: That's correct

* One-time password generator
* Built-in authenticator
* Security key
* Salesforce Authenticator

> // will we let orgs require users to configure only certain methods? Or multiple methods?

Reviewer 4: Not in the v1

Author: ```suggestion
```

== Multi-factor Authentication Configurations

You can configure the following verification methods to comply with multi-factor authentication requirements:

One-time password generator:: Registers an authenticator app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Built-in authenticator:: Registers a physical authentication device, such as Touch ID, to verify your identity when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

// what happens if they lose this device, and it's their only MFA method?...

Security key:: Registers a USB security key to your account. The device is then authorized to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

Salesforce Authenticator:: Registers the Salesforce Authenticator mobile app to create verification codes that you provide when logging in to Anypoint Platform.

> == Enable Multi-factor Authentication for All User Accounts

Reviewer 4: Can we also get a section on what happens when MFA for the org is disabled? (Users with MFA configured will still be prompted, but can unenroll from their profile)

Author: Yep.

Author: Added along with steps to disable MFA requirements.

> For enhanced security, you can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication. Users can configure their authentication method when they log in to Anypoint Platform after you initially enable multi-factor authentication.

Reviewer 4: nit: `Users can configure` -> `Users must configure`

Author: ```suggestion
For enhanced security, you can require all users in your organization to use multi-factor authentication. Users must configure their authentication method when they log in to Anypoint Platform after you initially enable multi-factor authentication.
```

[NOTE]
--
To prevent service disruptions, identify any accounts that are used to programmatically call Anypoint Platform, or _service accounts_. You must add these accounts to the *Exempt Accounts* section when configuring multi-factor authentication requirements.
--

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Organization Administrator permission.
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu, click *Multi-factor auth*.
. Select *Required*.
. If you want to exclude users, such as service accounts, from multi-factor authentication, add users to the *Exempt Accounts* section.
. Click *Save*. +
All users in your organization are now required to configure a multi-factor authentication method when they log into Anypoint Platform. +
If a user already has multi-factor authentication configured for their account, they are not prompted to configure another method.

=== Exempt Users from Multi-factor Authentication

> Accounts that make programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform, or _service users_, should be exempt from multi-factor authentication since they cannot provide verification aside from a username and password.

Reviewer 2: Should we include some sort of comment to move those users to Connected Apps? @jbyrum

Reviewer 3: @wpoch I think that is a great suggestion.  wdyt Sara?  Essentially the message would be, "We suggest using Connected Apps for making programmatic calls to Anypoint Platform" with a link to the Connected Apps docs.

Author: Yes, I think this would be helpful. I'll add it.

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Organization Administrator permission.
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu, click *Multi-factor auth*.

> . In the *Exempt Accounts* section, add accounts that you want to exempt.

Reviewer 2: I think we should add a note saying that ONLY non-sso users will appear in this list.

Author: ```suggestion
. In the *Exempt Accounts* section, add accounts that you want to exempt. +
Only users that do not use single sign-on (SSO) appear in this list.
```

. Click *Save*. +
The exempt user accounts appear in the *Exempt Accounts* section.

You can remove user accounts from *Exempt Accounts* list by clicking *X* next to their account name.

> == Enable Multi-factor Authentication on Individual User Accounts

Reviewer 4: Can we get a section on changing/managing your verifiers? (It's the same steps)

Author: Yes.

Author: Added.

You can enable multi-factor authentication even if your organization does not require it.

. Log in to Anypoint Platform.
. Navigate to your user profile.

> . Click *Configure MFA*. +

Reviewer 4: This button is changing to `Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA)`

Author: ```suggestion
. Click *Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA)*. +
```
